[DO NOT MERGE] Document Micrometer metrics (#182)
signalfx/splunk-otel-java: docs/metrics.md

# Metrics

> :construction: This feature is experimental - exported metric data and configuration properties may change.

> The Splunk distribution of OpenTelemetry Java agent is also gathering basic application metrics. We

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java agent gathers basic application metrics. We
```

use [Micrometer](https://micrometer.io/)
and [Micrometer SignalFx registry](https://micrometer.io/docs/registry/signalFx)
to gather and export metrics to either [SignalFx SmartAgent](https://github.com/signalfx/signalfx-agent/)
or the [Splunk distribution of OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector).

## Default metric tags

The following dimensions are automatically added to all metrics exported by the agent:

| Tag name                 | Tag value |
| ------------------------ | --------- |

> | `deployment.environment` | The value of the `deployment.environment` resource attribute.

Reviewer: Should we add "if present"?

| `area`   | Either `heap` or `nonheap`.

#### Thread metrics

| Metric name                  | Description |
| ---------------------------- | ----------- |
| `runtime.jvm.threads.peak`   | The peak live thread count since the Java virtual machine started or peak was reset.
| `runtime.jvm.threads.daemon` | The current number of live daemon threads.
| `runtime.jvm.threads.live`   | The current number of live threads including both daemon and non-daemon threads.
| `runtime.jvm.threads.states` | The current number of threads per `state` (metric tag).

### Apache DBCP2 connection pool

| Metric name                    | Description |
| ------------------------------ | ----------- |
| `db.pool.connections`          | The number of open connections.
| `db.pool.connections.active`   | The number of open connections that are currently in use.
| `db.pool.connections.idle`     | The number of open connections that are currently idle.
| `db.pool.connections.idle.min` | The minimum number of idle open connections allowed.
| `db.pool.connections.idle.max` | The maximum number of idle open connections allowed.
| `db.pool.connections.max`      | The maximum number of open connections allowed.

> All `apache-dbcp2` metrics have the following tags:

Reviewer: This `apache-dbcp2` looks like id or something similarly significant (as opposed to just "memory pools" above). Is it?

Author: No, that's just the name of the library. I'll use "Apache DBCP2" instead, same as in the header.
